---
layout: post
title:  "My Crazy Cousin"
author: "Joshua Brown"
categories: jekyll test
background: "/assets/images/post_backgrounds/crazy_cousin.png"
---
The other day, after a meeting with my crazy cousin, I found myself baffled, flabbergasted, and laughing hysterically. You see, my dear reader, my cousin is the most well-traveled person I know. He goes all over the world. And, everywhere he goes, he collects some insanely stupid and hilarious tales.   
This particular experience of his takes place in a country restaurant—he didn’t specify where it was—near a small town in a rural area of the southern U.S. He claims that he spotted this little joint as he was riding along on one of his famous ventures. It was afternoon, the setting sun was staring my cousin down as he puttered along in his old pickup, and when he saw that country kitchen, he pulled off the dirt road instantly. He climbed up the creaky stairs and into the half-rotten, dirty, poorly-lit “restaurant.”  
A single red-neck man appeared from the back and stood behind a counter—which was a thick slab of wood nailed to the wall and the top of a large barrel. “Hello, traveler.” They exchanged greetings and, after the man slapped a large fly off the counter, he seated my cousin. The table was an old fold-out plastic one that looked older than the wooden building itself. It had mold stains at the corners. There also remained the crumbs and smears from the last person who had eaten at it.  
My cousin sat and watched as the ”waiter” pulled a backpack blower from the back and cranked it. As he walked toward my cousin, the blower’s idling sending trash skidding around the floor, the man smiled crazily. “Nooo!” My cousin screamed. “Stop!” The man continued, however, unfazed, until he reached the only occupied table. He then pulled the trigger on the blower and it revved to life. All the crumbs, the three dirty napkins, a used toothpick—a few mold spores, no doubt, too—flew into my cousin’s face like a hurricane. The man then turned the blower off, letting it slide off his shoulder onto a chair. “Clean.” My cousin didn’t even speak because he was pulling the trash off his face and shirt. He just sputtered and looked, open-mouthed, at the man. “Order?”  
After a few moments, my cousin replied shakily: “Whatever the special is.” The man smiled, revealing crooked teeth, and then headed off. Once the man brought my cousin some still partly frozen chicken fingers, he then pulled some rusty metal utensils from his pocket. He dropped them on the table, arranging them in a random way as if he was being fancy. “Are those clean?” My cousin asked. The man frowned and then nodded in recognition. He pulled some hand sanitizer out of his other pocket and dripped a little amount onto each prong of the fork, the bowl of the spoon, and the blade of the knife. “Sanitized.”  
My cousin simply nodded, his jaw hanging open. As you could’ve guessed, he nibbled the thawed ends of the chicken, holding them with his hands. The man had disappeared again, so my cousin ate a few bites of room temperature chicken fingers and attempted to leave. He went to the counter, dropped a ten, then added a few singles for a tip, and headed for the door. He made it outside and to his car. Once he got inside, he cranked it and prepared to leave.  
As he pulled away, he saw the man that had served him, crawling through the grassy field beside the road, grabbing at things. When my cousin drove past him, the man looked up, saw him through the open car window and raised a hand. It was grasping a field mouse. “Tonight’s special.” The man called. My cousin drove on, laughing. “At least I didn’t stop for dinner,” he mused.